[Music]
very good how are you family how are you
I hope you're having a
spectacular day and well today we have to
talk a little bit about this cover No you
know today is Wednesday and today is
cover day and we had a
cover that obviously has not left
anyone indifferent and it is the topic of the day
of the gossip press it is a cover
in which well Many of us thought that it was going to
be a report a posed shot it was not
talked about that surely something
of this would come out today but so that they would not get
ahead of them so that they would not steal the
photograph of both of them walking down the street
and so on but of course I for example
believed that it was going to be a
posed photo report directly not a
stolen posed I explain this photograph
that has appeared in the magazine Semana
obviously they are not
posed but they are not
stolen either okay they are supposed to be
stolen supposedly this
photo was taken unexpectedly on the street
but obviously let's see you only have to
have two fingers of forehead to
realize that this photograph is not an
agreement in which both will have stayed
with the press  so that they do them not
this This is like Marta Marta reyesko and
Antonio David also did it okay it
's something that is done it's not like they
let you take pictures pretending to be longui
not pretending to be like Oh look they
took a picture of me no Olga Moreno
and Agustín et al are not standing there and they
are not kissing exactly in that
place on the street by chance they are
agreed upon photographs and they have been
taken on purpose to do this
report no there's nothing wrong with
charging for a report of
course not I have never been
against this and before that or it's
like everyone monetizes and
everyone profits from yours well for
that Lucas you come first no what
is a bit shocking and many people have been
shocked on social media is the fact that
Olga is now participating in this in
this type of exclusives No we already have
another cover we already have some when it has
always been a person who has said
no that she will never sell anything and such that it is
not  I criticize that he does it okay I don't
criticize him for doing it because I would do it or
rather before others get paid from
them, well I speak and I get paid and I
sell it because it's mine no I have never
been against this and you know it no the
only thing that is done a bit on social media a
lot of people have found it a bit
shocking that I tell you now
yes Now no now yes Now it's not worth it But
well I think she has the right to
do it and also she chooses uh she chooses
like three or four things a year to
sell is worth three or four
specific things handpicked the ones
she decides to sell and release
exclusives and so on
regarding Antonio David's reaction
Well I still don't know anything The only thing I
can say is that Antonio David Well I don't
think he didn't know anything about this relationship
and that he found out at the same time as all of
us okay there are a lot of people who are
accusing Antonio David of being like the
conductor of the orchestra and not at all in
fact Antonio saw this relationship
Antonio David found out at least that's
what I have been able to rescue and I have been able to
find out okay I can't  I won't say much either
because I don't have it very confirmed
but that Antonio David wouldn't know anything about
this relationship and that he found out at the
same time that everyone is worth it
In fact, he hasn't known anything about Agustín for
months, it's not that Hey, well it was already
known, it didn't catch him by surprise no
Antonio David didn't know anything, not even about the
first exclusive when Olga
confirmed it, nor about the relationship or anything
because in Olga's life and he had no
knowledge in fact in fact with
Agustín, well he hadn't had contact for a
long time now and the only thing I can
say is that okay I imagine that the
reaction Well, bad hasn't been the only thing
that maybe has been a little
[Music]
shocking is this issue of having
said that nothing is going to be sold and then
if it is sold I imagine these are
my ideas Eh Nobody has told me anything or
anything like that but for now it's fine, I mean, there has
n't been any bad reaction
or anything like that as far as I know the
only thing that is being noticed are some
long faces on the part of Rocío Flores
but I don't think it's anything serious and that it's
something  that blood will reach the
river or anything What I think more or less and
the puzzle that I have been able to put together of what
has happened with Rocío Flores is that well,
she would not know anything about this
relationship. I understand that an older person
and an adult does not have to
go giving explanations to another person about what they
do with their life but it is
true that she would have found out just
like the rest of us mortals when
the rumors and the
exclusives okay about this relationship began to come out, let's say
basically it would have happened to her a bit
like what happened to her father and Marta
riesgo also a very similar situation
because having
remembered a little and taking into account
what happened with Antonio vi Marta Antonio
David was her father and he was having a
relationship with a friend of his, okay, with
whom
Rocío went in, went out, had a drink and so on
and they had a very good
working relationship It is that it was more than a
work company in fact she was a friend no and they
were like hiding that relationship from her no
well with Olga something more or
less similar would have happened with Olga what would be
happening would be that she is like a mother
to Rocío Flores and Agustín Etienne were it was
a  coworker was her
representative the relationship that
celebrities have with their representative when they have been
working together for years is a friendship it
is not a kind of friendship So it is
work-related And such But well it was like it has
been like two people who have been
with her on a daily basis and everyone was
around deceiving her No Rocío
Flores has felt like deceiving like a
fool by the closest people
in her house no And that is a little bit what has
happened you know that in the end
days will pass and obviously love will fix
everything and Rocío I
imagine will be perfectly fine with
Olga and with Agustín just like
today she is already perfectly fine going in and
out with Antonio David and with Marta
Greco without any kind of problem as they have to happen
I understand all the
positions in this situation I understand
Rocío Flores' position very much and I
also understand the position of her father
and Olga who have wanted to
protect her like a series of damage like
having some times but the best thing is the
times that they have had to tell
things to the little girl well it has been a
little bit it has gotten a little out of hand
times to tell things But
well, these are family things, as I tell you,
Antonio David's relationship,
Antonio David's reaction to everything that is
happening with Olga is completely
respectful, whatever is good for
Olga Moreno and happiness for Olga Moreno, he is
happy for her and
at the moment everything is perfectly fine, at the
moment everything is perfectly fine,
yes, he is worried maybe that
Rocío Flores is happy and is
happy and is calm and so on and yes, there would
be a little bit of annoyance according to what
I have detected on the networks, the majority of
people are delighted that Olga
is happy and are delighted with the
photograph but there is a small
part of the networks that would be, like, not
in disagreement, okay, I am not going to
say that it is a disagreement but it does
shock him a little bit that Olga
is now participating in this business,
not because she is doing it but because they have
always denied that she was going to participate and that she was going to
talk about this type of issues, okay,
just that, I mean, for example,
personally, it seems very good to me
that she sells it but I
don't see it, maybe very compatible with them
later saying, I don't know what, I'll tell
you, I mean, I don't know There is  a little bit of
such but come on nothing bad okay family
we say what do you think I will be reading the
comments box that's as far as I
can tell you I send you a huge hug and see you
later until the next video
[Music]